meanwhile the Israeli military has
carried out more attacks in the north
central and southern regions of Gaza
dozens of Palestinians have been killed
in some of the latest strikes at least
10 died in a strike on a residential
building in Gaza City in the north the
bodies were taken to alifa hospital
which is on the brink of a total
collapse Israeli forces also bombed
homes in zaa and nerat refugee camp in
central Gaza least 17 Palestinians were
killed there
their bodies were wrapped in blankets
because of a lack of body bags and
shrouds critical medical supplies are
also running out across the
strip let's go to our correspondent
hanni Mahmud he joins us from Rafa in
southern Gaza hany another deadly night
for Gaza talk us through the latest
strikes yes good morning Milan uh true
it's another bloody and deadly night for
Palestinians but this time mly
concentrated in Gaza and the northern
part where Heavy Artillery Shing
targeting more residential homes in
central Gaza City and the western part
of the city including the vicinity of
the shifa hospital as well as the
densely populated neighborhood to the
nor to the southern part of G city as
Sabra neighborhood where an entire
family being killed has been Sheltering
inside one of the uh their homes in the
neighbor in the neighborhood also
jabalia Town came under heavy artillery
shelling in almost constant artillery
shelling overnight and early hours of
this morning there more people reported
killed than multiple injuries to a shifa
hospital we're talking about more than
10 people so far as still people under
the rubble in both jabalia town as well
as in the densely populated neighborhood
in the southern part of Gaza City that's
a Sabra neighborhood in the Central Area
noat Refuge ham came under heavy
artillery shelling almost nonstop
artillery shelling as well as if shells
fired by gun boats as early hours of
this morning in Khan Unice the
situations remain very difficult and
we're talking about now not only Naser
hospital is under military seasion
becomes very difficult to uh move around
the vicinity or dispatch ambulance from
the hospital into targeted side but also
Al AML hospital is under complete
military cision a statement by the
palestin Rick cron talks about the grave
situation of the hospital as it turned
gradually is turning into a graveyard as
more people being shot at critically
injured unable to be treated well due to
the extreme shortage of medical supplies
and inability to transfer them to better
uh well equipped hospitals in the area
the vast majority of people are now not
only displaced and and traumatized but
also they are ex they're living very
difficult uh living condition
experiencing a very cold and weather
just further increase the suffering uh
of of of the of them and their families
as the bombing continues and the the
rain
continues okay thank you for that hany
Mahmud there for us in
Rafa